--Today's class was based on learning about Composition as well as Encapsulation.
We were introduced to inheritance. Inheritance means when one class gets the properties and behaviors from another class.
We also learned about composition in which one class contains another class as a part of it. It usually means building a class of another classes.

For example, the given code:
class Engine:
    def start(self):
        print("Engine starting...")
class Car:
    def __init__(self):
        self.engine = Engine()


The code above indicates that when we create a Car Class, we also automatically create an Engine for it as all cars have engines. This is composition

def start(self):
    self.engine.start()
    print("Car is ready to go!")

The rest of the code indicates to start the car and following this, the next given code creates a Car Object and the Car then prints its message.

my_car = Car()
my_car.start()

--We also learned about using <b> as a wrapper to make a text appear bold and <i> to make italic.
--We Also learned that python uses a.render() method.

--Moving on to polymorphism, we learned that the same method call cn be used to print different output statements. For example,
Dog(), prints(bark) would print bark and Cat(), prints(Meow) would print Meow.

--Diving deep into polymorphism, python calculates based on the inputs we provide in any given method. For example, a return statement of a + b, would do addition and
a (a-b) in the same statement would result in substraction.

--Class variables belong to the class itself and are not defined inside __init__ whereas instance variables belong to each individual object and
is defined inside __init__() using self.

--Instance methods uses self and can access both class and instance variables while classmethods can only change class variables.

--A decorator is a function that wraps another function inside it. FOr example the given code:

def exp(fun)
def wrapper()
print(Before)
fun()
print(After)
return wrapper

This is a pseudocode example of a decorator where the print statements inside would get printed one after another when the main function is called.
